Suggestion for: Instructions on how to generate .pfx certificate for … (#5427)
flutter/website: src/desktop.md

[msix package]: {{site.pub}}/packages/msix
[Desktop Photo Search sample]: {{site.github}}/flutter/samples/tree/master/experimental/desktop_photo_search

###### Create a .pfx certificate.

> To publish on the Windows Store or Direct download with the help of MSIX Installer,

Author: Sure, makes sense.

you need to give your app a digital signature in the form of a .pfx certificate.
Use the following instructions to generate a self-signed .pfx certificate.

1. If you haven't already, download the [OpenSSL][] toolkit to generate your certificates.
1. Go to where you installed OpenSSL, for example:
   `C:\Program Files\OpenSSL-Win64\bin`.
1. Set an environment variable so that you can access `OpenSSL` from anywhere:<br>
   `make "C:\Program Files\OpenSSL-Win64\bin"`
1.  Generate a private key as follows:<br>
      ```
      `openssl genrsa -out mykeyname.key 2048`
    4. Generate a certificate signing request (CSR) file using the private key:<br>
      `openssl req -new -key mykeyname.key -out mycsrname.csr`

>     5. Generate the signed certificate (CRT) file using the private key

Author: I have tested it. AFAIK, for private deployment and testing, we can self-sign the certificate. It just needs to be installed on the machine. For public deployment, a developer needs to use Windows Store.
https://advancedinstaller.com/install-test-certificate-from-msix.html
Without a certificate, Windows doesn't let a developer even install the app.

>     5. Generate the signed certificate (CRT) file using the private key

Reviewer: Right, I now understand what these instructions are for. Sounds good to me. 

If I understand it correctly, distributing an application not through the Windows Store, but self hosted on a website, can be done, but it must be done with a certificate signed by a Certificate Authority known by Windows.

I feel like we should call out this possibility

[msix package]: {{site.pub}}/packages/msix
[Desktop Photo Search sample]: {{site.github}}/flutter/samples/tree/master/experimental/desktop_photo_search

> ###### Create a .pfx certificate.

Reviewer: I'd re-label this as "Create a self-signed .pfx for local testing." or similar

For private deployment and testing with the help of MSIX Installer,
you need to give your app a digital signature in the form of a .pfx certificate.

> For public deployment(Windows Store), .pfx certificate is not required.

Reviewer: I'd suggest something like the following:

For deployment through the Windows Store, generating a .pfx certificate is not required. The Windows Store handles creation and management of certificates for applications distributed through the Windows Store.

[msix package]: {{site.pub}}/packages/msix
[Desktop Photo Search sample]: {{site.github}}/flutter/samples/tree/master/experimental/desktop_photo_search

###### Create a .pfx certificate.

To publish on the Windows Store or Direct download with the help of MSIX Installer, you need to give your app a digital signature in form of a .pfx certificate. Use the following instructions to generate a self-signed .pfx certificate.

* You would need to download [OpenSSL][] to generate your certificates.

> * Go to where you installed the OpenSSL. It can be:
>     * C:\Program Files\OpenSSL-Win64\bin
> * Run cmd from this folder, that it looks like this in cmd.
>     * C:\Program Files\OpenSSL-Win64\bin>
>       or
>     * make “C:\Program Files\OpenSSL-Win64\bin” a environment path variable to access “OpenSSL” anywhere.
> * Now, use the following command:
>     * Generate a private key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go to where you installed OpenSSL, for example:
   `C:\Program Files\OpenSSL-Win64\bin`.
1. Set an environment variable so that you can access `OpenSSL` from anywhere:<br>
   `make "C:\Program Files\OpenSSL-Win64\bin"`
1.  Generate a private key as follows:<br>
```

      ```

>       openssl genrsa -out mykeyname.key 2048
>       ```
>     * Generate a CSR file with the help of the private key.
>       ```
>       openssl req -new -key mykeyname.key -out mycsrname.csr
>       ```
>     * Generate a CRT file with the help of the private key & CSR file.
>       ```
>       openssl x509 -in mycsrname.csr -out mycrtname.crt -req -signkey mykeyname.key -days 10000
>       ```
>     * Generate .pfx file with the help of the private key & CRT file.
>       ```
>       openssl pkcs12 -export -out CERTIFICATE.pfx -inkey mykeyname.key -in mycrtname.crt
>       ```
> There you have your .pfx certificate to use with MSIX Installer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      `openssl genrsa -out mykeyname.key 2048`
    4. Generate a certificate signing request (CSR) file using the private key:<br>
      `openssl req -new -key mykeyname.key -out mycsrname.csr`
    5. Generate the signed certificate (CRT) file using the private key
        and CSR file:<br>
      `openssl x509 -in mycsrname.csr -out mycrtname.crt -req -signkey mykeyname.key -days 10000`
    6. Generate the `.pfx` file using the private key and CRT file:<br>
      `openssl pkcs12 -export -out CERTIFICATE.pfx -inkey mykeyname.key -in mycrtname.crt`

You now have a `.pfx` certificate to use with the MSIX installer.
```
